[Music]
investment funds in the previous videos
we talked about shares and bonds
but there are many other
financial instruments, some of them are also very
complicated to invest we do not have to
be finance experts and know
all the instruments but mutual
funds cannot be missing from our vocabulary
investment is
one of the most widespread methods for investing
savings. Few private individuals
buy financial instruments directly
on the market and many more
rely on consultants and
funds. In fact, most of the
trades that take place in the
financial markets are carried out by funds.  banks
and institutions
what are funds mutual
investment funds are responsible for collecting
savers' money and
investing it in the market
the main characteristic of funds and
who do not invest only in single shares
but sometimes in many different asset classes
i.e. in many  different markets a
fund could invest in shares bonds
raw materials real estate
there are even some funds that
invest in other funds
obviously these operations are not
without costs and risks to be able to
access this type of service you
have to pay
entry commissions for performance management and
Above all, it is important to remember that
although the funds are managed by
experts, it does not mean that the returns
are always high.
The general functioning of
mutual funds consists in combining the money
coming from various savers to
have an overall capital
much larger than what one would expect.
could obtain from the investment of
an individual, each subscriber is
recognized the same rights in
proportion to the number of shares owned
not all funds are the same they can be
differentiated by the
operating mechanism and the type of
investment for example some funds
credit the earnings  and in the form of
dividends, others reinvest all the
capital gains, some do not allow you to
liquidate the shares before a certain
period
and still others allow you to withdraw
or add money whenever you want. As
regards
investment differences, each fund has its own
strategy but generally the  The objective is
to contain the risk within
certain limits agreed with the customers and
at the same time achieve a good
return on the investment. The various types
of funds
there are many types of funds, some
reinvest the returns, others
distribute them in the form of dividends,
some provide commissions.  of entry,
exit or performance, for this reason it is
important to know them and evaluate carefully
what to choose when you decide to
invest. A fundamental distinction is
that which exists between open funds which
allow you to subscribe to units or
ask for reimbursement at any
time
and closed funds which allow  instead
of investing only during the
offer period and withdrawing the return only
at the fund's maturity, among
open funds based on the type and degree
of risk, balanced equity bond funds can be distinguished
which
invest in both shares and
bonds and money market funds  that
invest in
short-term money market instruments
then there are funds that invest in
many other instruments and asset classes
not only shares and bonds but also
real estate and raw materials but let's not go into
too much detail all these
types of funds can be found
all over the world.  within the amortized funds which
are very widespread established in the countries
of the European Union
they follow guidelines and
common criteria aimed at protecting the interests
of savers are supervised by the
authorities of the country of origin
a very particular category of
mutual investment funds are the  of
funds which, as the name suggests,
invest in other funds, the latter
guarantee their clients a
very diversified and therefore
generally safer portfolio, however in the face of
higher management costs, it is in fact necessary to
pay the management costs of both the
main fund and the underlying funds
Furthermore, it is difficult to understand well how to
place your money
once invested.
Then there are other unique funds which
are not as easily accessible as the
others which have
very high entry thresholds. For these there are, for
example, hedge funds, speculative funds
or  private equity funds that
invest only in unlisted companies and
well shore capital funds that
generally invest in start-ups,
finally it is important to mention the ethical funds
that adopt the ISG Impro Mental
Social Governance criteria in the selection of
assets to guarantee
sustainable investments that are socially responsible
in  in these cases the funds aim to
obtain the maximum return but
by concentrating on companies initiatives that
aim to respect the environment,
grow the social fabric and
respect rules of transparency
in the use of resources as well as
having a social objective,
passively managed funds up to  so far
we have only talked about
actively managed funds,
funds in which experts
actively decide where to place the money.
In recent years,
passively managed funds such as
index funds and deeds have become more popular. These funds
combine savers' money and  they
invest them by replicating and following
the performance of the main financial indices
what is a financial index it is a basket
of securities i.e. many securities put
together Italy 40 is the index of the 40
companies with the largest capitalizations in
Italy the DAX is the index of the 40
companies in Germany the s p500 index
contains the largest 500
American companies by capitalization and so
on
we return to index funds their aim is
to allow private individuals who do not
have enough money to
independently buy all the securities of a certain
index to put  together the savings and
exploit the common purchasing power
often but not always the return of the
indices exceeds that of
actively managed funds within
the same market therefore sometimes for
private individuals it is simpler and more convenient
to invest in the indices
also being passively managed  They have
much lower costs than
actively managed funds. Years after the
creation of index funds, they
also entered the legal documents.
They also allow you to invest in
baskets of securities and indices but compared
to the former they are more flexible and are
treated like shares.  they can
be bought and sold at any
time of the day,
ETFs are one of the most
popular and versatile tools to invest in and
for this reason we will make another in-
depth video. Better are
actively managed or passively managed funds.
The reason why
passive management like ETFs have become
increasingly popular and because on average they
have proven to be more convenient than
actively managed funds
although active funds are managed
by experts the facts and data tell us
that they rarely manage to perform
better than passive funds in addition to
management costs of an actively managed fund
are decidedly higher as
the work of professionals must also be paid for,
however there are exceptions such as the
jp morgan us technology fund which in the
last five years has recorded
better overall performances
compared to those of the American market, it is
necessary  finally remember that
passively managed funds also allow
small savers to invest in
funds that would be precluded for reasons
of cost, summarizing
mutual investment funds combine and
private individuals' money to invest in
much larger capital markets,
each fund with its characteristics
first  To invest you need to evaluate the
management costs understand whether
dividends are distributed ask when it is
possible to withdraw your money
analyze the instruments in which
the fund invests and study
past performances there are
passively managed funds such as index funds and
ETFs which have higher costs  low and
other advantages
index funds and ETFs are baskets of
different securities that belong to the
same market and often perform
better than actively managed funds
all clear well then the next
episode
[Music]